>ls
"Bah"
>ls -lF
"Blast"
>ls -l | gre[ gem
"Darned keyboard!"
>ls -l | grep rubygem
"Where is this thing?!? How do I search directories again?"

And thus began my first adventure programming session. Trying to figure out basic linux commands via trial and error. "If only I had internet!". I repeated that phrase in my head a thousand times as I attempted to remember commands I had copied and pasted from google coutless times before. I wasn't a complete linux newbie, but it had been a few years since I dug out the trusty ole Dell e1505, and sat down to do any real work on it. 

Today I had decided to do two three things.
1. Finaly stop procrasinating and get my new companies blog up.
2. Use some new tech I had messed with, but never really built anything of worth with. (github pages and jekyll, using an old laptop I have laying around for linux projects)  
3. Adventure program.

Sounds simple right? A few hours messing with this and that and I would be done, right? Normally yes, but I didn't have internet, and I wouldn't have it. Why? Because this is my first session of adventure programming! Huzaa! 

The idea behind adventure programming is simple. Grab your trusty mobile development device of choice, and go someplace difficult for you to work. Climb a mountain, go to the beach (omg so bright), sit in a busy lobby, hike down a trail, do anything that takes you out of your comfort zone. 

Why? To get better of course! (Or as Captian Picard would say "To explore new worlds, to boldy go where no programmer has gone".) 

Seriously though, I had an idea/epehiny the other day in the office. I don't know how to *do* anything. All I know how to do is google the question. If you pull the internet rug out from under me, I'm fucked. I think a lot of us would be as well. We have become so dependant on being able to find the awnser, that we are quickly training ourselves to forget things just as quick as we can. Who needs to remember the stdlib? Hit up stackoverflow, copy the code, and paste it in. Oh look! It compiles! 

You print the labels, and I'll start burning CD's.

So here I am. Sitting in a local coffee shop (The Drowsy Poet). They weren't selected for thier awesome organic coffee, or the fantastically comfy faux-leather chair I am currently perched in. No, they were selected because they hold true to the archaic practice of charging for internet! Yes, that's right. Internet by the hour. $5.99 an hour to be exact. 

So here I sit, penning a blog post in gEdit with nary a Reddit post to distract me. I won't have internet either, not at $2.99 for 30 minutes! What a rip off! I would rather sit here and crawl through man pages then give these extotionists three bucks for internet! BAH! I hope it catches on. If you are reading this on the internet, I succeded in my quest. Maybe I will learn somthing, maybe not. At the least, I had some good coffee and got out of my comfort zone. 

In the end, isn't that all that matters? To boldly go where no programmer has before?
